Performance overview
Chairman’s message
Navigating uncertainty
If there is one overriding theme that defines our current problems, but continually innovate and architect for
world, it is that it is suffused with uncertainty. The placid challenges that may emerge in the future. We build it
and the predictable are behind us as each new day brings for ourselves first, and then, deeply rooted in our own
new inputs and new events that derail the carefully-crafted experience, take it widely to our clients.
models we have constructed of the world around us. The The awesome possibilities of generative AI, we know from
cocktail of inflation, interest rates, geopolitics, war, demand our own journey to becoming an AI-first enterprise, is not
volatility, supply chain dislocations, the shift from efficiency without its risks. The problems of AI hallucination, systemic
to resilience and security, all stirring quickly and without biases, lack of explainability along with plenty of practical,
warning, is what’s before us. In any week, we may oscillate ethical and intellectual property-related issues remain open
from caution to optimism and back to caution based on and up for debate. We also know, from our experience,
the news of the day. that the path to scaling AI enterprise-wide is non-linear.
Such times of intense uncertainty, great short-term Often, organizations, seeking to mine value from data and
pressure, and crunched resources require that companies AI models, successfully undertake pilots but fail to factor in
must become better, more efficient in their ability to be what it will take to scale value across the whole enterprise.
resilient in the present while also securing their future As demands increase, data volumes grow, and complexity
growth. This is easier said than done. The extreme volatility rises, companies find themselves unable to surmount the
that surrounds us creates so many probable future states, associated challenges and start to question the path to
that it simply isn’t prudent for businesses to plan to value. Navigating to value-at-scale from AI and retaining
succeed in any one anticipated future scenario. Instead, we the larger strategic vision while breaking down the tasks
need to develop the flexibility to be able to avoid limiting into sequential small wins, is not always intuitive or simple.
choices, reduce concentration risk, quickly adapt, and learn With our AI-first strategy, Infosys is guided by that road
to thrive in any new reality. map. We are also bringing to our global clients the ability
The era of optionality is upon us.
to accelerate business value and amplify human potential
using AI technologies with Infosys TopazTM.
Optionality can take various forms. In our IT infrastructure,
it is the ability to dynamically reconfigure the way we The digital transformation of every industry and every
work – remotely, in office or hybrid. In the area of talent, it business, over the last several years, has laid the foundation
is about building and deploying agile learning platforms to create optionality as we navigate the way forward.
so that our people can hone their skill sets to match Our clients have always trusted us to assist them not only
new demand and new technologies. It is about having a to make the right digital investments but to safeguard
digital-first and AI-first business architecture which can these investments for their future. Today, we are excited
be constantly configured. It is finding the right balance by the opportunity and humbled by the responsibility we
between retaining the core of a company and working have to enable them to bring all their digital capabilities
with partners on others. Optionality must be ingrained in together to execute quickly and effectively for now, while
strategy and execution.
developing multiple options to amplify their competitive
advantage and market leadership in an uncertain future.
Our CEO, Salil Parekh, and his global leadership team, Our client relevance has never been so compelling, our
realized early on the value that advanced digital investment in employees as continuous and consistent,
technologies like AI and cloud, and more recently, and our purpose so keen. We are ready to co-create with
generative AI, can bring to imagine and execute for our clients and our entire ecosystem a flexible future that
multiple options in the future. They came together as puts people first and benefits the broader society even as
One Infosys to orchestrate teams that lead the charge to it propels business forward. After all, like many have said,
continually transform Infosys into an organization that truly imagination is our invisible power to create all things. Our
realizes human-machine synergies, from fundamentally future can be as bright as we imagine it to be.
rethinking organizational design to segmenting cognitive
tasks to get the right balance between people, technology, Bengaluru
Nandan M. Nilekani
May 29, 2023
Chairman
Nandan M. Nilekani
and process. Today, Infosys is steadily progressing towards Chairman
a future where we don’t just solve immediate business
30
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
31