Strategy
Our clients and prospective clients are faced with  transformative business opportunities due to advances in  software and computing technology. These organizations  are dealing with the challenge of having to reinvent  their core offerings, processes and systems rapidly and  position themselves as 'digitally enabled'. The journey to  the digital future requires not just an understanding of  new technologies and new ways of working, but a deep  appreciation of existing technology landscapes, business  processes and practices. Our strategy is to be a navigator  for our clients as they ideate, plan and execute their  journey to a digital future. We have embraced a four-pronged strategy to strengthen  our relevance with clients and drive accelerated  value creation:
Energize the core We believe the investments we have made, and continue  to make, in our strategy will enable us to advise and help  our clients as they tackle the current market conditions.  Further, we have been able to successfully enable most of  our employees worldwide to work remotely and securely  – giving us the operational stability to deliver on client  commitments and ensuring our own business continuity. Over the last four years, we have executed this strategy  and generated significant outcomes.
Scale agile digital Our revenue from digital technology-related services  and solutions has more than doubled in the last three  years, and currently comprises 57% of our total revenue.  We are rated as a leader in 54 industry analyst ratings  across our digital offerings. These outcomes are a result  of investments we have made to expand our digital  footprint via reskilling of our employees, targeted  acquisitions, strong ecosystem partnerships, innovation  experience centers across the world, intellectual property  development, reconfiguring our workspaces for agile  software development and enhancing our brand.
Scale agile digital
Reskill our people
Expand localization
Our human experience-related services expanded with  the opening of eight innovation hubs, six digital studios,  12 proximity centers and 20 living labs around the world.  During the fiscal, we entered into a definitive agreement  to acquire oddity to augment our human experience  capabilities in Europe. Through our academia partnerships  with Purdue, Trinity, RISD and eCornell, we have trained  over 4,500 employees in niche digital skills. Our Insight and data analytics services and solutions  were further strengthened with the launch of our Infosys  Applied AI solutions, coupled with the Infosys Data  Workbench. Our AI platform, Infosys Applied AI, helps  enterprises adopt a comprehensive approach and roadmap  to scaling enterprise-grade AI for their businesses.  With advances in next-generation computing power, ready  access to datasets on the cloud to train Machine Learning  models and consumable Artificial Intelligence (AI) services,  our solutions enable our clients to generate insights from  their data and open opportunities for data monetization. Our Innovate-related services and solutions are boosted  by workspaces that have been specifically redesigned  for agile software development, teams reskilled in agile  methodologies, certified scrum masters and capabilities  in horizontal technologies such as 5G, autonomous tech,  product engineering, internet of things and blockchain. Our Accelerate-related services are aimed at rapidly  transforming our clients’ legacy technology landscapes  and processes with digital technology. We invested in, and  built strong partnerships with cloud hyperscalers such as  AWS, GCP and Microsoft Azure, and SaaS providers.  In fiscal 2022, we expanded our integrated cloud offering  Infosys Cobalt™, which now offers over 35,000 cloud  assets and over 300 industry cloud solution blueprints.  Infosys Cobalt™ is helping enterprises to securely access  cloud capabilities with the assurance of single-point  accountability for outcomes. We launched Infosys Equinox, our flagship digital  commerce platform, which is a set of core microservices  encompassing all digital commerce scenarios to help  enterprises rapidly build and deploy features across all  touchpoints and channels, without the friction associated  with legacy platforms. Our Automation and AI services grew on the back of our  alliances with leading Robotic Process Automation (RPA)  solution providers and niche AI players, powered by our
Strategy
best-in-class solutions, IPs and frameworks. We have  automated over 20,000+ processes for our clients and have  over 1,000 ready use cases across industries. Our Assure services, in software testing and cybersecurity,  continued to grow with investments in Cyber Gaze, our  cybersecurity dashboard and suite of related applications.
Energize the core Leveraging automation and AI, we are winning and  executing several engagements for our clients to  modernize their core legacy technology and process  landscapes. We made significant investments in our  Live Enterprise platform, including our Bot Factory of  preconfigured automation bots and LEAP, our platform  for optimizing large-scale application maintenance and  reengineering. In fiscal 2022, we won a total contract  value of over US$ 9.5 billion in large deals, continuing  to demonstrate our capabilities and competitiveness in  executing complex transformation programs. In addition,  investments in our own internal systems, reimagination  of our internal processes and automation of software  development processes have helped increase our agility,  boost productivity and enhance our competitiveness even  in the current paradigm of remote working.
Reskill our people Continuous learning and reskilling have always  been integral to our operating model. We operate  our reskilling program with the twin objectives of  increasing fulfillment of demand for digital skills in  client projects and for enriching the expertise of our  global workforce in next-generation technologies and  methodologies. We invested in, and scaled, our digital  reskilling program globally. Lex, our in-house-developed,  anytime-anywhere-learning platform, offers over  13,700 courses curated for easy consumption on mobile  devices with advanced telemetry, gamification and  certification features. Over 2,99,000 of our employees use  Lex and are spending approximately 2.3 million training  days compared to 1.9 million in the last fiscal with close to  45 minutes per day on average for learning activities.
Expand localization With the objective of creating differentiated talent pools  in our markets, we made significant investments in  expanding our local workforce in the US, the UK, Europe,  Japan, China and Australia. We established innovation  hubs, nearshore centers and digital design studios across  geographies. Further, we expanded our university and  community college partnerships in all these regions to  aid internships, recruitment, training and joint research.  In fiscal 2022, we recruited over 14,805 employees locally  in our markets, of which 3,650 were fresh graduates.  This initiative also significantly de-risks our operations from  regulatory changes related to immigration policies. Looking ahead, and to continue staying relevant to the  emerging needs of our clients, our strategic areas of focus  for the next few years will be to further: • Scale our cloud capabilities, especially around cloud  advisory, data on cloud, cloud security, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS  and private cloud; • Expand capabilities in key digital technology areas  such as AI, product engineering, cybersecurity and  human experience; • Strengthen our employee value proposition for the  newer contexts of work and workplace; • Run our operations in a cost-effective and agile manner,  including increasing the levels of automation in our  service delivery; • Deliver on our ESG commitments, while at the  same time enabling our clients to realize their  sustainability goals.
[{"": null, "null": ""}]