Performance overview


Chairman's message


Navigating uncertainty


If there is one overriding theme that defines our current


world, it is that it is suffused with uncertainty. The placid


and the predictable are behind us as each new day brings


new inputs and new events that derail the carefully-crafted


models we have constructed of the world around us. The


cocktail of inflation, interest rates, geopolitics, war, demand


volatility, supply chain dislocations, the shift from efficiency


to resilience and security, all stirring quickly and without


warning, is what's before us. In any week, we may oscillate


from caution to optimism and back to caution based on


the news of the day.


Such times of intense uncertainty, great short-term


pressure, and crunched resources require that companies


must become better, more efficient in their ability to be


resilient in the present while also securing their future


growth. This is easier said than done. The extreme volatility


that surrounds us creates so many probable future states,


that it simply isn't prudent for businesses to plan to 
succeed in any one anticipated future scenario. Instead, we 
need to develop the flexibility to be able to avoid limiting 
choices, reduce concentration risk, quickly adapt, and learn 
to thrive in any new reality. 

The era of optionality is upon us.

Optionality can take various forms. In our IT infrastructure, 
it is the ability to dynamically reconfigure the way we 
work – remotely, in office or hybrid. In the area of talent, it 
is about building and deploying agile learning platforms 
so that our people can hone their skill sets to match 
new demand and new technologies. It is about having a 
digital-first and AI-first business architecture which can 
be constantly configured. It is finding the right balance 
between retaining the core of a company and working 
with partners on others. Optionality must be ingrained in 
strategy and execution.

Our CEO, Salil Parekh, and his global leadership team, 
realized early on the value that advanced digital 
technologies like AI and cloud, and more recently, 
generative AI, can bring to imagine and execute for 
multiple options in the future. They came together as 
One Infosys to orchestrate teams that lead the charge to 
continually transform Infosys into an organization that truly 
realizes human-machine synergies, from fundamentally 
rethinking organizational design to segmenting cognitive 
tasks to get the right balance between people, technology, 
and process. Today, Infosys is steadily progressing towards 
a future where we don't just solve immediate business


problems, but continually innovate and architect for


challenges that may emerge in the future. We build it


for ourselves first, and then, deeply rooted in our own


experience, take it widely to our clients.


The awesome possibilities of generative AI, we know from


our own journey to becoming an AI-first enterprise, is not


without its risks. The problems of AI hallucination, systemic


biases, lack of explainability along with plenty of practical,


ethical and intellectual property-related issues remain open


and up for debate. We also know, from our experience,


that the path to scaling AI enterprise-wide is non-linear.


Often, organizations, seeking to mine value from data and


AI models, successfully undertake pilots but fail to factor in


what it will take to scale value across the whole enterprise.


As demands increase, data volumes grow, and complexity


rises, companies find themselves unable to surmount the


associated challenges and start to question the path to 
value. Navigating to value-at-scale from AI and retaining 
the larger strategic vision while breaking down the tasks 
into sequential small wins, is not always intuitive or simple. 

With our AI-first strategy, Infosys is guided by that road 
map. We are also bringing to our global clients the ability 
to accelerate business value and amplify human potential 
using AI technologies with Infosys TopazTM.

The digital transformation of every industry and every 
business, over the last several years, has laid the foundation 
to create optionality as we navigate the way forward. 

Our clients have always trusted us to assist them not only 
to make the right digital investments but to safeguard 
these investments for their future. Today, we are excited 
by the opportunity and humbled by the responsibility we 
have to enable them to bring all their digital capabilities 
together to execute quickly and effectively for now, while 
developing multiple options to amplify their competitive 
advantage and market leadership in an uncertain future. 

Our client relevance has never been so compelling, our 
investment in employees as continuous and consistent, 

and our purpose so keen. We are ready to co-create with 
our clients and our entire ecosystem a flexible future that 
puts people first and benefits the broader society even as 
it propels business forward. After all, like many have said, 

imagination is our invisible power to create all things. Our 
future can be as bright as we imagine it to be.

Nandan M. Nilekani
Bengaluru
May 29, 2023
Chairman


Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman

